Rearrange testfiles by version (#22)
c2pa-org/public-testfiles: README.md

> # C2PA Public test files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# C2PA public test files
```

> This repository contains a collection of test files organized by format and date that provide examples of C2PA implementations. Wherever possible, both "good" (positive test cases) and "bad" (negative test cases) are included. Good testfiles are generated by Conforming Generator Products, as defined by the [C2PA Conformance Program](https://c2pa.org/conformance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains a collection of test files, organized by format and date, to exercise C2PA validator implementations. Wherever possible, both "good" (positive test cases) and "bad" (negative test cases) are included. Good test files are generated by Conforming Generator Products, as defined by the [C2PA Conformance Program](https://c2pa.org/conformance).
```

NOTE: This page is best viewed as [rendered by GitHub pages](https://spec.c2pa.org/public-testfiles//), not directly in GitHub.

## Purpose of this repository
The test files contained herein are intended to help implementers with interop and Conformance testing. With contributions from many Conforming Claim Generator Products, the testfiles repository strengthens the C2PA ecosystem with a rich collection of test material to ensure interoperable, compatible generator and validator products.

## Naming conventions

For clarity, all files are named with the pattern: `[supplier]-[YYYYMMDD]-[optional_descriptive_string].[extension]`.

For example: `acme-20250101-man_walking.jpg`.

In some cases, additional context is needed to fully describe the test files. In those cases, please consult the README in the directory where the test files are located.

## Backwards compatibility

> All files housed here should work with any implementation created after the file date if the files are compatible with the 2.2 specification or newer.

Reviewer: This seems to imply that when we make a spec change that requires validators to reject assets previously considered valid, we'll remove (or move to "bad") any test files that are incompatible with these new validator requirements. That might make sense, but I'm not sure.

Maybe instead we should say something like this:

```suggestion
All "good" test files are believed to be produced in accordance with requirements in the indicated version of the C2PA specification, and also to be compatible with validators compliant with that version. In most cases, validators compliant with later versions of the specification should also accept these files; any exceptions should be described in the associated README.
```

Author: yes, very good change. Accepting as-is. I was trying to express exactly this.

> ## Inspecting files

Reviewer: I think the links at lines 27-30 need updating?

Author: actually I don't recall why we added these links on those lines at all. It seems like one more thing to maintain and provides little additional value. Updating the PR to remove.

# C2PA public test files

This repository contains a collection of test files, organized by format and date, to exercise C2PA validator implementations. Wherever possible, both "good" (positive test cases) and "bad" (negative test cases) are included. Good test files are generated by Conforming Generator Products, as defined by the [C2PA Conformance Program](https://c2pa.org/conformance).

## Purpose of this repository

> The test files contained herein are intended to help implementers with interop and Conformance testing. With contributions from many Conforming Claim Generator Products, the testfiles repository strengthens the C2PA ecosystem with a rich collection of test material to ensure interoperable, compatible generator and validator products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test files contained herein are intended to help implementers with interop and Conformance testing. With contributions from many Conforming Generator Products, the testfiles repository strengthens the C2PA ecosystem with a rich collection of test material to help ensure interoperable, compatible generator and validator products.
```

## Naming conventions

For clarity, all files are named with the pattern: `[supplier]-[YYYYMMDD]-[optional_descriptive_string].[extension]`.

For example: `acme-20250101-man_walking.jpg`.

In some cases, additional context is needed to fully describe the test files. In those cases, please consult the README in the directory where the test files are located.

> ## Backwards compatibility

Reviewer: Maybe just "Compatibility"?

```suggestion
## Compatibility
```
